Adds Refund.md & changes PullPayments.md (#609)
btcpayserver/btcpayserver-doc: docs/Refund.md

# Refunds

> Refunds are one of the use cases that use the `Pull Payments` feature.

Reviewer: imo it's better to say that refunds are built on top of the pull payments feature

Author: ```suggestion
Refunds are one of the applications built on top of the `Pull Payments` feature.
```

> Refunds are one of the applications built on top of the `Pull Payments` feature.

Reviewer: Can we link to pull payments instead? It's good to have links from one page to another, sorry , misted this one earlier.

Author: No problem ! 
```suggestion
Refunds are one of the applications built on top of the [Pull Payments](./PullPayments.md) feature.
```

Up until now, merchants had to manually issue refunds.
The process required a lot of back and forth between a sender and a receiver. The merchant had to ask for a refund address, calculate the preferred rate, manually add that to the wallet and broadcast the transaction.

> , a merchant just needs to go to the invoice, click Issue refund , select the appropriate rate and share a link with a customer.

Reviewer: Typo

Author: ```suggestion
A merchant just needs to go to the invoice, click Issue refund , select the appropriate rate and share a link with a customer.
```

The customer will then input their address and claim a refund. Once a customer claims a refund, the merchant will get a notification and can authorize it in a click.

> In future releases, we will look into payouts which are approved to be paid out instantly, without the authorization, in case a merchant prefers that.

Reviewer: I'd make this more formal. The future versions of btcpay server may.... sth like that.

Author: > The future versions of btcpay server may.... sth like that.

Pardon ?

Author: Ah sorry, I understand what you were saying now !

Author: ```suggestion
Future versions of BTCPay Server will enable instant payouts as an option, without the need for merchant approval.
```

## Create a refund

* After an invoice has been confirmed, go in the Invoices page and click `Details` on the invoice.

> ![9](./img/pull-payments/9.png)

Reviewer 2: Can you update the moved image names `![1](./img/refunds/1.png)`

Author: The image hasn't been moved, so the link is still valid.

Should I move the image and create a new "refund" folder in /IMG ?

* Click `Issue a refund`

![10](./img/pull-payments/10.png)

* Select the way you want to issue the refund

![11](./img/pull-payments/11.png)

> * You can now share the pull payment link with the customer

Reviewer: > You can now 

I'd remove this

Author: ```suggestion
* Share the pull payment link with the customer
```
